“Kill these traitors!”
“Dear brothers and sisters! These evil girls didn’t only conspired to kill king today but also to destroy this whole kingdom. The Great King Samael is today pained beyond anything by act of these blood sucking slurs to even say anything. So folks its upto you to decide what to do with them.”
“Kill them! Kill them! Kill them!” the public kept demanding.
“Chief!“
“I, The one and only King Samael orders you to behead these girls right now!”
A tall hot well-built man pulled out his 4 feet long sword. Six girls were made to kneel as the chief approached them. “I am so Sorry!”, the chief said as tears rolled down from his eyes and raised his sword to behead.
“ISABELLA! WAKE UP!”, shouted a beautiful young girl in her teen as she woke Isabella from her sleep who was dripping in sweat. “Phew! Holy Lord! Thanks Sush for waking me out of this nightmare!”, she said.
“What dream?” asked Sussanne.
“I had a dream that we…”
“Don’t tell me you are having one of those nightmares again!”, interrupted this lovely girl in her squeaky voice as she was combing her long curly hair in front of a mirror. She was wearing a pink gown and had a face anyone would fall for.
“Pearl don’t!!” warned Sussanne.
“What are you guys doing? Get ready! We are getting late for the ceremony!” said this girl with thick glasses and short hair.
“Which ceremony Anna?” asked Isabella in a confused tone
“Not surprised, she has forgotten all about it!”, commented a tall slim yet strong-looking girl as she sharpens her sword.
“How can you forget? Today is King Samael’s birthday and we will fetch ourselves some work in town.” reminded Anna.
Suddenly a loud sound is heard.
THUD!!!!!!
Everybody turned back and found Isabella on the floor
“What the hell was that for Poca!” shouted Isa.
“Wakeup you crybaby! Get dressed.” said this tall pretty girl with long straight hair as they got into a cute fight.
“Here we go again!”, sighed Kristine as she left the room with her sword. “Enough! Stop your fight right now and get ready!”, said Anna angrily and walked out. Isabella followed her.
Poca starts laughing loudly. “Why you have to do this every morning?”, asked Sussanne. Poca hugged Susanne as she said “Umm cause it’s fun my twin sister and c’mon even if you don’t agree, I know you guys enjoy it”.

